1. If you want to see the disk usage of your linux system which command you run ?
Ans: df -HT

2.  If you want to see memery usage of your linux system which command you run ?
Ans: free -m

3. If you want to see the running process of your linux system which command you run ?
Ans: top

4. If you want kill any process , What is the command?
Ans: kill (process id)

5. What does rwx & UGOmeaning in file permission and ownership?

Ans: Every file and directory in UNIX/Linux system has following 3 permissions defined for all the 3 owners discussed above.
Read: This permission give you the authority to open and read a file. Read permission on a directory gives you the ability to lists its content.

Write: The write permission gives you the authority to modify the contents of a file. The write permission on a directory gives you the authority to add, remove and rename files stored in the directory.
Consider a scenario where you have to write permission on file but do not have write permission on the directory where the file is stored.
You will be able to modify the file contents. But you will not be able to rename, move or remove the file from the directory.

Execute: In Windows, an executable program usually has an extension “.exe” and which you can easily run. In Unix/Linux, you cannot run a program unless the execute permission is set. 
If the execute permission is not set, you might still be able to see/modify the program code(provided read & write permissions are set), but not run it.

Linux File Ownership
Every file and directory on Unix/Linux system is assigned 3 types of owner, given below.

User
A user is the owner of the file. By default, the person who created a file becomes its owner. Hence, a user is also sometimes called an owner.

Group
A user- group can contain multiple users. All users belonging to a group will have the same Linux group permissions access to the file.
Suppose you have a project where a number of people require access to a file. Instead of manually assigning permissions to each user, 
you could add all users to a group, and assign group permission to file such that only this group members and no one else can read or modify the files.

Other
Any other user who has access to a file. This person has neither created the file, nor he belongs to a usergroup who could own the file.
 Practically, it means everybody else. Hence, when you set the permission for others, it is also referred as set permissions for the world.

6. What permission define in the 664 ?
Ans: rw-rw-r--

7. Write the name of file ownership attribute ?
